Add workaround for prefixing the default locale to the docs. (#30673)
vercel/next.js: docs/advanced-features/i18n-routing.md

- `locales`: 100 total locales
- `domains`: 100 total locale domain items

> > **Note:** These limits have been added initially to prevent potential [performance issues at build time](#dynamic-routes-and-getStaticProps-pages). You can workaround these limits with custom routing using [Middleware](/docs/middleware.md) in Next.js 12.

Reviewer: Not sure if this is incorrect but here's an update:
```suggestion
> **Note:** These limits have been added initially to prevent potential [performance issues at build time](#dynamic-routes-and-getStaticProps-pages). You can work around these limits with custom routing using [Middleware](/docs/middleware.md) in Next.js 12.
```
